docs(segment-writer): document object storage cost tuning (#5370)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-server/reference-configuration-parameters/index.md

# CLI flag: -validation.reject-newer-than
[reject_newer_than: <duration> | default = 10m]

> # (advanced) If true, the write path does not wait for the segment-writer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (advanced) If true, the write path doesn't wait for the segment-writer to
```
